this is how you get 200 FPS on a lowend
laptop and to prove it to you guys that
it works I'm going to do it live on my
low-end laptop with a ryzen 3 and only 6
gigs of RAM you might ask yourself how
we going to do it first of all we're
going to reduce the amount of processes
on your CPU then we're going to tweak
your CPU specifically for gaming and
enable one mode which a lot of people
are actually missing out on which can
literally double your FPS especially on
lowend hardware and then finally help
you out to balance your RAM usage a
little bit better so that you can have
more stable FPS after playing all of
this I literally got on my low end
laptop guys over 120 FPS in ranked and
200 FPS with literally no delay in
creative and there's so many people
missing out on important performance
which you need for competitive so
therefore if you're on a budget this is
the right video which you're going to
watch afterwards you're definitely going
to increase your FPS by a lot and I'm
going to show you this one specific
in-game step which you also have to
apply guys which can literally help you
out so much if you guys want to
seriously improve in fortnite make sure
to check out the ultimate practice upub
grab all of your friends and join in
there you can not only play box fights
build fights real realistics but also a
whole entire custom no build map so you
can basically practice for any
competition with all of your friends
seemingless without loading times the
map code is right now on screen and now
the first step which you guys need to
pay close attention to is reducing the
amount of processes on your CPU that one
is super important and the easiest way
to do this is getting a custom OS like
Atlas OS this one is really popular and
it helps you out a ton especially on
lower and Hardware if you open up red
Noe heser and check your processes
chances are likely that you're going to
have over 150 to 200 sometimes even 300
processors on your CPU and all of these
extra processors slow down your PC by a
lot actually reducing its performance in
gaming and even while normal casual
using and what atas basically does it's
a modified version of Windows 10 or
Windows 11 for me as an example I
installed a fresh copy of Windows 10
then you get two files from the official
website put them on a USB stick and just
simply go through the whole installation
process it took me in total maybe like
20 minutes and the main benefits are
that Atlas OS is going to reduce the
amount of processes all the way down to
something like 50 60 only which is
really not a lot for Windows and also
the RAM usage goes down by a lot like
previously Windows is using like free 4
gigs of RAM and with Atlas OS I'm barely
using 1.6 to 1.9 even while recording a
video on this laptop directly I already
made an in-depth step-by-step guide
exactly on how to install Atlas OS on
any PC so therefore make sure to check
it out afterwards but let's continue now
to the next step and of course guys the
most important part is as well your ping
this is why you see fncs winners like
Maro Asian Chef and many more Pros use
GE up booster the best part is with my
link in description you can actually try
it out for absolutely free guys J
booster is going to look for the best
DNS server in your near always making
sure that you have the lowest and most
stable ping even if you already have
really good ping guys it's still worth
it because it's going to make it way
more consistent the jet booster is going
to actively in the background search for
the best DNS servers always making sure
that you have the best connection to
fortnite as mentioned check it out for
absolutely free with the link in the
description guys the next up what I did
I actually got my hands onto process
lasso which is a very common tool in
order to basically optimize your CPU and
this is exactly how it should look like
in the first place what I did I went
onto Main made sure to check your manage
processes of all users the next up for
my active power profile I actually kept
here now the atlas power seam one since
this one works pretty well here on this
laptop and then I enabled prob balance
then you got to go over to options go on
the general make sure to actually go
down here to refresh interval GUI and
put this one to 5 Seconds you're going
to do the same as well with refresh
interval Governor they're going to put
it to 5 Seconds as well and what we now
have to do is basically go into our epic
games or better said fortnite and let it
run the background since we need to get
the exit in this program to Showcase so
what we're going to do is real quick
actually launch the game in the
background and then I'm going to see you
guys just in a second so guys and since
fortnite is now running actively in the
background all we got to do is basically
find fortnite in this list here real
quick and there we already got it
fortnite client windows 64 shipping Exel
and now next up we're going to right
click onto it go under CPA priority go
under always and make sure to set this
one to high this is super important guys
and now we have the most important step
guys under CP Affinity you can go on
always and you can see that I don't have
every single core actually enabled here
under the AMD it's called smt on Intel
it's called hyper threading you've
probably heard about it already and
you're wondering okay what does it do
and why do I have so many cores actually
disabled let me explain this real quick
let's go into test manager and the CPU
and you can see that I have four cores
but actually eight logical processes
which means that I have four real cores
but also additional virtual ones which
aren't really there on my CPU you know
basically just a calculation mechanism
on my C CPU and what we basically do
with this sabling smt and the Affinity
is that we force our CPU to only use the
real ones because let's just say as an
example that fortnite utilizers the
first four CES mainly I would have a
real one a fake one a real one and a
fake one they're obviously not fake I'm
just trying to give you an example and
with disabling smt we basically disabled
all of the not real ones on our CPU
which forces it to use only the real
ones and this can actually give you a
huge performance increase if you disable
smt on AMD especially this br as well
perfectly fine for CS2 Dead Island 2 and
everything which I played on this laptop
I did a bunch of tests and I got to say
on MD it worked a lot better than on
Intel that actually did the opposite so
therefore I would only recommend you
this if you're actually using AMD CPU or
if you have an Intel Bor you can try it
out still guys and if you don't like it
you're just going to go here under none
and it's going to reset everything and
enable all of them again the next up
we're going to go under ion or priority
go under always and this one we're also
going to set to high and then we already
good to go so guys and we just swapped
our fortnite here back to full screen
and we're already getting close to 200
FPS again this is also very important
tip guys actually on most laptops you
should utilize with a AMD GPU D X12 I
don't know why mine is red new is set on
performance mode probably because it's
the same profile from my main PC where I
actually utilize this but usually on a
laptop I always utilize that X12 guys
with the lowest settings if you're on
Intel integrated Graphics or like a very
lowend Nvidia card you should definitely
utilize the performance mode but as
mentioned on AMD and AMD integrated
Graphics definitely utilize dx12 then
for the rest put everything to the
lowest make make sure that report
performance sets is disabled and then as
well go here down until you can find
replays which should be right here which
you also all want to completely turn off
and once you're done with that I also
install you real quick islc since we are
already dealing with a pretty limited
amount of ram guys you should definitely
make sure to have this tool running in
the background you can see my total
system memory is 6 gigs only and my free
memory is 4,000 and the lower this one
he gets the more chunky your system is
going to run and it's also going to
affect your performance in fortnite so
what you actually want to do is go under
the list size at least just simp leave
it on 1 gig of RAM and then for the free
memory low then you're just going to put
half of your total system memory so for
me it's 6,000 so I'm going to put it to
3 gigs then you're going to check these
two boxes here go on the right side and
put your wanted timer resolution to 0.5
it's going to automatically put in the
zeros guys it's just simply like the
small decimal number then you want a
timer resolution you're going to put to
0.5 then enable custom timer resolution
and click Under start the ISC pulling
rate by the way I'm going to keep on
1,000 if you have a little bit better PC
you can experiment around with 500 this
the perfect value especially for lower
NPCs and then just simply minimize it
and it's going to run in the system tray
in the background which is exactly where
you want to have it and yeah Guys these
are all of the ways how I'm getting 200
FPS in fortnite actually on this lowend
laptop I hope this video was helpful if
so don't forget to leave a like And
subscribe to the channel guys and if you
have any more questions also feel free
to join discord.gg Stripes where I'm
going to help you out or my mods guys
and with that said have a great day